jean reno we have more and more
French and 1plusV versity
interesting there too with presence of
schubert chest is the corridors of the
middle are important subban kof
it leaves not necessarily good part
these parties well for the Cuban at the lighthouse
he dimitri bascou is rather in the
blow there is a big fight jdanov is
in front of garfield darien garfield May 23rd
the chrono will be extremely interesting
for garfield which in my opinion a
second to contact and fight with
the russian champion of europe
unfortunately for garfield I believe
that he made a very, very big mistake
on the first hour we will review the
imagery
but that may be where you lose
race we will see that I think he has
makes a mistake maybe too close to
it's because he's very strong in this
moment but what makes it behind for
get back into the race first and then
then disputed the shubin victory
chest it's very interesting to look
the departure of glass garfield but there
here I think that here it falls the
first hour and after unfortunately
there is yet another error to the
third and so it's far from being a
star cut does but there we see that at the
fight he's coming back on
chopin cov and maybe that energy
that he left the feathers that left him
on these two big technical mistakes
well it costs him the win but in
anyway he's very beefy I think
that he is able to beat his
record at 13 15 and I also want to
highlight the beautiful third place of
dimitri bascou driven by giscard
samba the french sun contingent will have
been very good tonight finishing 2nd and
3rd
yeah actually we saw again
a fault at the ninth hurdle for
garfield and then schuhbeck off who
has a run a little cleaner and
although they prevail but garfield
was watching done 13 23 1 it's still
a time to finally wear that takes
the third place we discover in
live at the same time as you see
actually the images and then we have
won who is already in contact with all
interested people that's good but
it's good that's also it
live yeah yeah that's dtn it's flirting
is already in contact with the athletes
who are there is exactly the
given
a news that tell them how they
felt safe but she has some
resource
she has a lot of people in
reserve and the world championship this
may not be the championship of the
easy world but I believe that the mass
is not said
but